CEXT-4542: Starterkit multi event provider doc update (#367)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/integration/create-integration.md

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> Using Adobe I/O Events for Commerce `1.12.0` or later will automate some steps of the onboarding process detailed in the following section.

Reviewer: I think we can delete lines 176- 179

Run the following command to generate the IO Event providers and the registrations for your starter kit project.

> IO Event providers and registrations will be configured automatically and your commerce instance can connect to other event providers besides the default Commerce event provider registered in the system configuration if you are using Adobe I/O Events version `1.12.0` or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

As of version `1.12.0`, your Commerce instance can connect to additional event providers.
```

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> The following steps are not required when using Adobe I/O Events version `1.12.0` or later. The onboarding script will configure the Adobe Commerce instance automatically.

Reviewer: Since everyone must use 1.12.0 or later, I think we can delete this whole procedure and note

**Subscribe to events in Adobe Commerce**

> To automatically subscribe to Commerce events using Adobe I/O Events version `1.12.0` or later, run the `commerce-event-subscribe` script in the `scripts/commerce-event-subscribe/config/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically subscribe to Commerce events using Adobe I/O Events, run the `commerce-event-subscribe` script in the `scripts/commerce-event-subscribe/config/` directory.
```
